do you know what I hate about America
the fact that you can get 15 years in
prison for carrying two ounces of Mary
Jane but the moment you kill four
innocent lives you take four people's
lives you get a little slap on the wrist
in America it's true that money doesn't
really buy you happiness but it does by
you immunity from the law for those of
you don't know the US judicial system
has been messed up and this story is
going to further prove to you that it's
even more fucked up than I originally
thought that it was in the state of
Texas Ethan couch age 16 just got off
for killing four innocent people Ethan
couch stole alcohol surveillance cameras
caught him doing it and they proceeded
to get into his Ford his parents ford
f150 truck and drive under the influence
of alcohol resulting in the death of
four innocent people have you ever heard
of affluenza neither did I but
supposedly the psychologist defending
Ethan couch this 16 year old who drove
drunk and killed four people that's what
he has our flu enza and in case you
don't know what that is that is when
somebody is so wealthy they come from a
wealthy family that because of his
lifestyle can't discern right from wrong
and therefore that was his defense
attorneys defended him with this concept
of affluenza which in resulted with him
simply getting probation for killing
four people remember that statement I
said to start a video where people get
like 15 years in prison for carrying two
ounces of Mary Jane but hey you know
someone who actually takes some buddies
lives it's didn't do anything wrong
let's defend
little piece of shit let me ask you a
question when was the last time you
remember a poor kid getting off simply
because he had a hard difficult life I
can't seem to recall any time that's
ever happened I've got poor flu enza it
makes me think that the rich don't have
to pay for their actions wait that's
called reality and they do have to pay
with cold hard cash if Alf lenze is an
illness that affects wealthy people with
no consequences of their actions then
poor flu enza is an illness that affects
poor people with no consequences of
their actions in which case there should
be absolutely well no prisons at all do
you think that black african-american
that Latino man that poor white man
would receive the same sympathetic
consideration that this 16 year old did
no not at all or the sake of the
argument if this was a legitimate
defense why are those who enabled him
not being punished in other words his
parents because if you actually look on
this this kids history this is not the
first time that he is driven drunk this
is not the first time that he's driven a
car fully unattended by anybody
supposedly as a record of driving when
he was 13 seems to me that the family
members of those run down by this boy to
now have a legitimate civil case against
the parents who enabled their son to do
this multiple times that is driving when
he doesn't have a driver's license and
driving under the influence let the
civil suit commence because I guarantee
you if they do that you are going to
lose and hopefully your chance Ethan
couch of you ever having an inheritance
will be completely diminished just like
the lives of those four people that you
killed by stealing alcohol and then
driving drunk and killing them the story
here is that this is America where all
men are created equal it's just that
some people are more equal than others